- Application aim
- Connection to the turntable
- Presets
- Calibration
- Backup turntable settings to the file

Application aim
    The application is intended for use with a Photo360 turntable (https://www.3dprint.com.ua).
    The main screen contains four tabs of presets and buttons for start and stop.
    Control is carried out through a WiFi network, the access point is the turntable  itself.

Connection to the turntable
    Turn on turntable. When firmware is loading, the serial number of the device is displayed on 
    the control panel screen, look like Photo360_AP001. It can also be found in the turntable menu,
    on the second page of settings, using the IR remote control. 
    Launch the Photo360 app on your smartphone. Open the sidebar and click "Settings."
    In the WiFi SSID field, enter the serial number of the platform. In the "password" field, enter the same 
    serial number. Save the settings by clicking the icon in the toolbar.
    In the application toolbar, click on connection icon. The application will scan available WiFi networks
    and will automatically connect the phone to the turntable WiFi network. If connection is successful, 
    the icon view is changes and start buttons become active.

Presets
    The application contains four tabs of presets. Click the gear icon to edit preset. In the preset edit 
    window, you can set the number of frames per full turntable rotation, the shutter delay
    after the next move, the speed of the motor and the rotation mode.
    Currently two modes available - turn-by-turn 360 degrees with shooting intervals, and 360 degree rotation
    without stopping with shooting in motion - video shooting mode.
    To save changes to the preset, click the icon "" in the toolbar. 
    Control buttons launch the displayed preset.

Calibration
    Calibration is the determination of the engine steps number, required for turntable 
    full rotation. The number of steps per circle depends on the diameter of the rotary platform and the 
    diameter of the driving shaft of the engine and is determined for each platform individually.
    Calibration performed when the phone is connected to the turntable (link to the connection) (button
    "calibration" active)
    Calibration procedure.
     1) Open the sidebar and click "settings."
     2) In the "calibration speed" field, set the speed of the engine during calibration process
        (the default value is set to 300 steps per second).
     3) Set the label in front of the engine shaft. A label can be any item or dot marker on the platform 
        edge in front of the engine shaft.
     4) Click the "calibration" button.
     5) Wait for the label make a full turn and again will be in front of the engine shaft. Press "stop". 
        Value of the steps performed by the engine are fixed in field "Motor steps per circle". Your can edit
        value, if necessary.

Backup turntable settings to the file
    Application seettings, including connection settings, calibration settings and four
    presets can be saved to a file on your smartphone. To do this, open the sidebar and click on the item
    "Backup turntable". In the dialog, specify the file name and comment.
    To restore the settings from file, open the sidebar and click "Restore turntable." In the appeared window
    select the settings file and click on it.
    You can delete the settings files. To do this, click on the item in the file list and hold it. You will pass
    into selection mode. If necessary, select other files by clicking on them, or select all files by clicking
    button "". Delete the selected files by clicking on the "" icon in the toolbar.



